[docs] init list of oss projects (#10758)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/basics.rst

- :ref:`sgd-index`
- :ref:`rayserve`

> There are also many :ref:`community libraries <ray-oss-list>` that integrate with Ray, including `Modin`_, `Hugging Face Transformers`_, :doc:`../dask-on-ray`, `MARS`_, `Horovod`_ and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also many :ref:`community libraries <ray-oss-list>` that integrate with Ray, including `Modin`_, `Hugging Face Transformers`_, :doc:`../dask-on-ray`, `MARS`_, `Horovod`_, and others.
```

> Check out the :ref:`full list of Ray distributed libraries <ray-oss-list>`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the :ref:`full list of Ray distributed libraries here <ray-oss-list>`.
```

> Check out Ray's :ref:`rapidly growing list of open source projects <ray-oss-list>`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the :ref:`full list of Ray distributed libraries <ray-oss-list>`!
```

.. _`Modin`: https://github.com/modin-project/modin
.. _`Hugging Face Transformers`: https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/trainer.html#transformers.Trainer.hyperparameter_search

> .. _`MARS`: https://github.com/mars-project/mars/pull/1508

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`MARS`: mars-on-ray.html
```

- :doc:`../pandas_on_ray`
- :doc:`../joblib`

> - :doc:`../multiprocessing`

Reviewer: These aren't community contributed, we should remove joblib and multiprocessing.

> Check out the :ref:`rapidly growing list of open source projects <ray-oss-list>` that are known to use Ray!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the :ref:`full list of distributed libraries <ray-oss-list>` that integrate with Ray.
```

Tone.

Reviewer: Actually I think we should replace this entire section (this sentence, and the bullets above), with:

```
There are also many `community libraries` that integrate with Ray, including `Modin`, `Dask`,
`MARS`, `Horovod`, `Flambe`, and others. Check out Ray's `full list of distributed libraries`.
```

Where both community and full list link to the community libraries page. We can pick perhaps the top 5 most popular libraries to link by name (not sure which makes sense here). Then, this snippet can be easily reused not only here but in the README, intro, etc.
